[Workerless Shoots] Adapt `Shoot` flows and add e2e tests (#7882)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_workerless.md

> # Workerless Shoot

Reviewer: Please add the document to the index (README.md)

> Starting from Gardener version v1.71, users can create a shoot without any workers, known as a "workerless shoot". Previously, users were unable to create shoots without workers, and had to include worker nodes even if they only needed control-plane services. With workerless shoots, Gardener will not create a worker plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `v1.71`, users can create a `Shoot` without any workers, known as a "workerless `Shoot`". Previously, worker nodes had to always be included even if users only needed the Kubernetes control plane. With workerless `Shoot`s, Gardener will not create any worker nodes or anything related to them.
```

> Here's an example manifest for a workerless shoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example manifest for a workerless `Shoot`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1
kind: Shoot
metadata:
  name: local
  namespace: garden-local
spec:
  seedName: local
  cloudProfileName: local
  region: local
  provider:
    type: local
  kubernetes:
    version: 1.26.0

> ```

Reviewer: Probably you should mention that this is very specific to the local scenario. Also, drop the `.spec.seedName` (this should be assigned by scheduler).

> **_NOTE:_** It's important to note that a workerless shoot cannot be converted to a shoot with workers, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: It's important to note that a workerless `Shoot` cannot be converted to a `Shoot` with workers or vice versa.
```

> As part of control-plane following components are deployed in the shoot cluster for workerless shoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the control plane, the following components are deployed in the seed cluster for workerless `Shoot`:
```

 - etcds
 - kube-apiserver
 - kube-controller-manager

>  - logging and monitoring components

Reviewer: Some things are missing (GRM, components deployed via `Extension`s that support workerless `Shoot`s), etc.

    version: 1.26.0
```

> :warning: It's important to note that a workerless `Shoot` cannot be converted to a `Shoot` with workers or vice versa.

As part of the control plane, the following components are deployed in the seed cluster for workerless `Shoot`:
 - etcds
 - kube-apiserver
 - kube-controller-manager
 - gardener-resource-manager
 - logging and monitoring components

>  - extension components (if they support workerless shoots)

Reviewer: Perhaps link the extension document where it is described what "if they support workerless shoots" means

>  - extension components (if they support workerless shoots)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - extension components (if they support workerless `Shoot`s)
 - ```
